Update EIP-3670: Document BLOCKHASH in EOF (#9403)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-3670.md

The deprecated instructions `CALLCODE` (0xf2) and `SELFDESTRUCT` (0xff) are removed from the `valid_opcodes` list to prevent their use in the future.

### BLOCKHASH instruction

> The `BLOCKHASH` instruction has good replacement by the system contract introduce by EIP-2935.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BLOCKHASH` instruction is well replaced by the system contract introduced in [EIP-2935](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2935).
```

> However, the EIP-2935 has left the instruction unchanged without even deprecating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, despite a replacement being introduced this opcode has not been deprecated.
```

> After considerations, it has been decided to keep the instruction valid also in EOF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This opcode will remain valid in EOF.
```
Could add some justification for why this decision was made?
